# Changelog

## HEAD
### Removed
- [BREAKING] Dropped vendor-related mixins in favor of mandatory [Autoprefixer](https://github.com/postcss/autoprefixer): `ekzo-vendor()`, `ekzo-placeholder()` and `ekzo-keyframe()`
- [BREAKING] Dropped mixin `ekzo-headings()`. It was never used.
- Dropped `debug.scss` support. It shoudn't be part of Ekzo's core
- Dropped `$ekzo-line-height-ratio` variable — there isn't much sense to keep it in settings by default, since can be easily calculated on demand. Were never used.
- `ekzo-font-size-classes()` no longer accepts `$name` parameter. For generation of single font-size class should be used new mixin `ekzo-font-size-class()`

### Added
- Added theming support wich allows to save modular project structure. With default settings place `t-base` class on any element you want to get default styling.
  * Add new themes or redefine old ones with `ekzo-extend-themes((red: (text-color: red)))`.
  * Add theme-related styling to any class with mixin and function `.foo { @include ekzo-theme() { color: ekzo-theme(text-color); } }`.
  * Switch on and off theming globaly with `$ekzo-enable-theming` option without deleting theme includes from classes
  For details about how it works and how to use head to `ekzo-theme()` mixin description.
- Added option to set monospace font;
- Added generic styling for `code`, `pre`, `samp` and `kbd`. Also, added options for their font-sizes and font-families
- Added options `$ekzo-widths-columns` and `$ekzo-responsive-widths-columns` to control generated widths
- Added option `$ekzo-ns` which allows to set global namespace for class names. By default set to `''`
- Added `.h-overflow-x--auto` helper, which can make tables friendlier to small screens
- Added options to control namespacing for class types: `$ekzo-generics-ns`, 
`$ekzo-objects-ns`, `$ekzo-components-ns`, `$ekzo-scopes-ns` and `$ekzo-helpers-ns`
- Added `ekzo-font-size-class()` mixin for generation of single font-size class
- Added functions and mixins names in error messages
- Added `$ekzo-enable-widths` option for enabling/disabling widths
- Added `ekzo-rem()` function, which converts pxs into rems
- `ekzo-font-size-classes()` mixin now accepts `$postfix` parameter
- `ekzo-breakpoint()` now accepts 3 parameters: `breakpoint`, `path` and `map` (backward compatible)

### Changed
- `grid` now generated by mixin
- `tools` from now have `index.scss` file. It makes it easier to import all mixins and functions whenever needed at once — in framework's `index.scss`, `ie.scss` or project's `style.scss`
- [BREAKING] Due to introduction of theming support, all `settings.colors.defaults.scss` from now represented as map of values wich should be wrapped into `ekzo-extend-themes()` mixin
- All Ekzo's classes updated to support theming out of box
- `$ekzo-bg` now expects everything normal for `background` property, except color, wich from now injected into `html` directly from `$ekzo-theme(base: ( bg-color: _value_ ) )`
- Updated `normalize.scss`, dropped some older normalizations. Currently it's based on v3.0.3 (head commit: https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css/commit/f41ef9b4918759dabc35599e014aaf3cfae3d8a1)
- `reset.scss` is now part of `normalize.scss`
- [BREAKING] improved and renamed default breakpoints in `$ekzo-breakpoints`. Default values optimized for mobile-first approach.
- [BREAKING] replaced `$ekzo-spacing-unit` variable and its variations with `ekzo-spacing()` (`ekzo-spacing(.25)`, `ekzo-spacing(2)`, etc.) function
- [BREAKING] renamed `ekzo-font()` mixin to `ekzo-font-face()`
- [BREAKING] Renamed `_framework.scss` to `_index.scss` for better clarity
- [BREAKING] All classes by default namespaced by its type. For example: `o-grid` instead of `grid`
- [BREAKING] Renamed function `map-get-deep()` to `ekzo-get()`
- [BREAKING] Renamed function `ekzo-convert-direction()` to `ekzo-flip-direction()`
- [BREAKING] `ekzo-breakpoint()` mixin now produces better class names. For example: `1/2@lap` instead of `lap-1/2`